Best gas unit (#504)
Blobscan/blobscan: .changeset/hip-maps-agree.md

---

> "@blobscan/web": minor

Reviewer: Rather than a `minor` change I would say its a patch one as we're changing an existing component

Author: Done [1c108c6](https://github.com/Blobscan/blobscan/pull/504/commits/1c108c6ea563872fee4b5f0b98792e3de307d3d6)

---

> Optimized blob gas price components to use most appropriate unit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated latest blob gas price metric to display the most suitable unit, replacing the previously  fixed `Gwei` format
```
